[Music]
there's an old native american proverb
that says
inside every person there are two bears
forever locked in combat for your soul
one bear
is all things good compassion love
trust the other is all things
evil fear shame
and self-destruction
what's happening we have to run
don't let go of my head
what's happening here
hide here i have to go help them
no no please please don't leave me alone
daddy i have to go back stay here
[Music]
[Applause]
uh
[Music]
so
all of you have killed someone
if you weren't here you've been present
or worse
and your mutants are dangerous
we know
this place takes your greatest fear
it makes you live through it
ooh scary
what are you doing you've got to get
better someday
stephen bear let's play a game
interface is active and word for power
[Music]
watch your levels this time you just
make sure you pull the trigger on the
way out
after initial binding you'll be locked
in with no loss of control permitted
during
this performance i can't afford any
mistakes on this one
ready
three four
five six
seven
[Music]
okay good
very good
[Music]
welcome home mommy
why don't you tell me what happened to
you in martial
i've been seeing things hallucinations
and it's not ptsd i've been taking the
pills that's the thing about war
always leave scars and not all of them
are physical
you come from the house in the forest
a woman lived there people
whispered she could transfer the dead
into the living
even
you taking your pills yes
it wasn't a hallucination
[Applause]
i need to perform an exorcism whatever
happens
stay calm do not attempt to make
physical contact with the spirit
it is not safe
[Applause]
hello
you